Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, when they click on your heart to start is going to take us back to the log in screen and which
means a user needs to log in all the time whenever they would want to use this app.
You're going to see now it's going to take us back to the log in screen.
Okay.
And in order to use this app again, we need to log in.
Now, I think if a user would need to do this all the time, it's going to be very stressful to the
user.
Okay.
So what we can do is we can have some check.
Email the user log sane.
We then automatically save the user section and the user would not need to log in all the time until
they probably logged out.
Okay, not to do this, we're gonna need to go back to our BSA code, and the first place we're going
to go is the controller's and then the Hods controller.
Because this has to do with what about education?
Okay.
And now we can then use contra and V.
Now you're going to do this, have the year.
Okay.
So sorry.
I thought you should be better outside your function.
Okay.
Now, to do this, you're going to need to see a string stream of music, and we can see it's going
to be no.
Then over here we're going to see get and we're going to create a rainbow card.
Hearts changes.
You're going to see this.
Show me.
And now we can then see.
Our function and memory is very hard on this cohort as everything to do with our user authentication.
So over here we can call the web card or this cohort.
Then we can see dots.
Hot states changes.
This is going to check if the user is either logged in or not.
So that's what this does.
And over here we are still storing this in a variable called hearts changes.
Okay.
Now that's I says this is called hearts changes.
We need to first assess this hot controller class.
Okay.
Now you're going to need to go to you.
First of all, we can just use controller and that's the save.
And then we're going to need to go to the main thoughts that.
Okay.
There's also this luggage screen.
We can get rid of this for now and we can then use control and be now we're going to be using something
known as Stream View there.
Stream.
You there?
Okay.
What we can do is we can just bring these to the next slide.
And over here, we can then have the stream and the stream we need to access that holds changes to know
the user.
I see that logged in or not.
Okay.
Call the odd controller class then.
Thoughts?
What's hot changes?
Okay.
Now for the builder, this is going to take in context.
Contests and something known as snapshots.
You can see this.
You can see this snapshot as a rebel that has access to all of our data in the cloud faster and where
we can then use this type of version in our digital cover.
And that's all as you get a good forward in as well, which we'll cover.
Okay.
And break this.
Now over here, we're going to check.
Are going to say.
If.
Eve snapshots.
Remember I said, you just have to see this variable as a variable that has access to all of the stars
in the firebase.
Okay.
We can't say you snapshots.
The clinician states.
Is it quartz you condition?
Connection.
Connection stage dot waiting.
That is, we are still trying to fetch the user.
Right.
Okay.
Probably still holding.
So what we can do or probably is is trying to connect to the server.
So what we can do is we can return.
Return a set of widgets to saintliness, widgets we're going to be using, and we can return something
known as Secular Progress Indicator Indicator, which is just a spinner.
Okay.
You can see color colors that.
Black or we can just get rid of them.
They need to specify the color and this.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Now I say this, I say this.
If we are going to check.
We're going to he's in that statement as well.
They're going to say if snapshot.
Not as data, which means the user is currently logged in which at any era right is now showed that
it has data.
Then we want to return.
What?
The home.
Screen.
Right.
Okay, Hales.
We don't need to see Hales.
If this does not work, there is something below.
So we can just say with time.
What?
Log in.
Screen.
Okay.
Great.
Now, this is basically it.
Over here we are having access to the user to know if they are logged in or not.
Then over year we are going to be there.
The reader simply means how our data is going to be rendered.
Over here we are passing the contents over, yet we are passing the snapshot.
And I said, You're going to need to see the snapshot as everybody has access to all our Firebase data.
Right.
And over here we are checking is now showed that connected to the SSC were two connected with it.
That is we are still trying to retrieve data.
Okay.
Rather do nothing.
We just want to return a circular progress indicator, which is going to be a round spinner to tell
the user that something is currently going on.
And probably we are having some network issue, but something is currently going on.
Okay.
Then over here we are seeing if the user has data, right?
That is no there no issues.
Then we want to go to the home screen house.
We want to go to the you know what, log in screen.
You know, all we can do now is order studies to see.
Okay.
You can see currently we are currently logged in.
You can see it is not taking us back to ah the log in screen because we have data.
So this is the function, this is the E statement that is been caught.
We currently have data and for now, whenever I want to use this help, we don't need to log in all
the time and it's not going to be very stressful for us again.